so
book 5
So how many kids did she have?
wow
did she stop teaching?
What did the husband do?
wow
he Became a doctor
huh  haahaa
Do you want to kill him?
So that's, that's what... (***)
haahaa
So you can read that book over and over.
How many times do you say you heard it?
haahaa
Do you take it to the camping?
Haven't read, yeah. When do you read it?
no special reason like going after you're like i can't do this
haahaa
ahhh mmmm
yes movie yes
so many that you like.
what's like the top two or top three
Or that comes to your mind, what your favorite is.
(***)
yeah
i watch it i don't watch (***)
Like what?
haahaa
Is there any phrase that you can say without...
No wonder you learned English.
mm
What's this again?